projects/website4/src/pages/index.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/MainLayout.astro
canonicalUrl: https://cto.je
---

import LastUpdated from "../components/LastUpdated.astro";
import RecentUpdates from "../components/RecentUpdates.astro";
import RssIcon from "../components/rss.svg";

<LastUpdated filePath="src/pages/index.mdx" />

<article>

# Welcome to my little patch of the internet!

Hey there! I'm Caleb, a houseplant enthusiast, tabletop RPG player, board game
lover, programmer, and coffee drinker.

If you enjoy any of those things and want to chat, feel free to send me an email
at [hey@intherain.cloud](mailto:hey@intherain.cloud).

## About me

I'm a software engineer currently working at [GitButler](https://gitbutler.com/)
in Germany, where I help build developer tools that make working with Git more
intuitive.

### Recent updates to the site:

Get this list as an [RSS feed <RssIcon />](/rss.xml)

<RecentUpdates />

### Background

I come from [Jersey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jersey) - not the
[newfangled kind from America](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Jersey), but
the small island in the
[English Channel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_Channel) (or "La Manche"
as the neighbors would prefer), about 15 miles from
[France](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France) and 100 miles from
[England](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England).

I eventually moved to England where I did my
[A-Levels](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A-level). It was about this time I
found some friends who introduced me to
[TTRPG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tabletop_role-playing_game)s - to this day
I still play with this group. Over the summer holiday of my A-Levels I spent two
months working at [The Idea Bureau](https://theideabureau.co/), a small software
agency where I gained some of my first professional experience.

After completing my A-Levels, I chose to not go to university and started
working for a wonderful company called
[Storm Consultancy](https://stormconsultancy.co.uk/). There I learned
[Ruby on Rails](https://rubyonrails.org/), worked on a variety of client
projects, and grew from a junior into a mid-level software engineer. After two
years at Storm, I moved to [Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany) to
join [GitButler](https://gitbutler.com/), where I work on building the next
generation of Git client tools.

These days I spend my time working across the stack - from Rust and TypeScript
to Svelte and Tauri - building features that help developers manage their code
more effectively. Outside of work, I enjoy tinkering with my
[monorepo](/projects) and building small tools that scratch various itches.

## What is this website?

This website can be thought of as a [magpie's nest](/phrases/magpies-nest). A
collection of things that seem interesting, notes, small projects, and
experiments. I previously had a website which was meant to be some sort of fancy
portfolio for employers or something, but realistically, that had no use to
anyone - including myself! I've also had a growing desire to have a platform
where I can just put stuff out, without participating in congested social media
platforms, so this version of the website was born.

## Keeping content up to date

While I will endeavor to provide accurate and up to date information, I am
unfortunately finite in my capacity. I try to maintain timestamps at the top of
each page so you can gauge how relevant the information still is.

### Spotted a mistake?

If you have spotted a mistake or a broken link, I would be keen to hear about
it. Feel free to contact me at
[corrections@intherain.cloud](mailto:corrections@intherain.cloud).

</article>

Commit message:

Add full page for updates along side rss feed

projects/website4/src/pages/index.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/MainLayout.astro
canonicalUrl: https://cto.je
---

import LastUpdated from "../components/LastUpdated.astro";
import RecentUpdates from "../components/RecentUpdates.astro";
import RssIcon from "../components/rss.svg";

<LastUpdated filePath="src/pages/index.mdx" />

<article>

# Welcome to my little patch of the internet!

Hey there! I'm Caleb, a houseplant enthusiast, tabletop RPG player, board game
lover, programmer, and coffee drinker.

If you enjoy any of those things and want to chat, feel free to send me an email
at [hey@intherain.cloud](mailto:hey@intherain.cloud).

## About me

I'm a software engineer currently working at [GitButler](https://gitbutler.com/)
in Germany, where I help build developer tools that make working with Git more
intuitive.

### Recent updates to the site:

Get the [full list here](/updates) or in the form of an
[RSS feed <RssIcon />](/rss.xml)

<RecentUpdates />

### Background

I come from [Jersey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jersey) - not the
[newfangled kind from America](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Jersey), but
the small island in the
[English Channel](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_Channel) (or "La Manche"
as the neighbors would prefer), about 15 miles from
[France](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/France) and 100 miles from
[England](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/England).

I eventually moved to England where I did my
[A-Levels](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A-level). It was about this time I
found some friends who introduced me to
[TTRPG](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tabletop_role-playing_game)s - to this day
I still play with this group. Over the summer holiday of my A-Levels I spent two
months working at [The Idea Bureau](https://theideabureau.co/), a small software
agency where I gained some of my first professional experience.

After completing my A-Levels, I chose to not go to university and started
working for a wonderful company called
[Storm Consultancy](https://stormconsultancy.co.uk/). There I learned
[Ruby on Rails](https://rubyonrails.org/), worked on a variety of client
projects, and grew from a junior into a mid-level software engineer. After two
years at Storm, I moved to [Germany](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Germany) to
join [GitButler](https://gitbutler.com/), where I work on building the next
generation of Git client tools.

These days I spend my time working across the stack - from Rust and TypeScript
to Svelte and Tauri - building features that help developers manage their code
more effectively. Outside of work, I enjoy tinkering with my
[monorepo](/projects) and building small tools that scratch various itches.

## What is this website?

This website can be thought of as a [magpie's nest](/phrases/magpies-nest). A
collection of things that seem interesting, notes, small projects, and
experiments. I previously had a website which was meant to be some sort of fancy
portfolio for employers or something, but realistically, that had no use to
anyone - including myself! I've also had a growing desire to have a platform
where I can just put stuff out, without participating in congested social media
platforms, so this version of the website was born.

## Keeping content up to date

While I will endeavor to provide accurate and up to date information, I am
unfortunately finite in my capacity. I try to maintain timestamps at the top of
each page so you can gauge how relevant the information still is.

### Spotted a mistake?

If you have spotted a mistake or a broken link, I would be keen to hear about
it. Feel free to contact me at
[corrections@intherain.cloud](mailto:corrections@intherain.cloud).

</article>
